LAN3100 EAII 

A/B/C: 

Okay, is everybody here? Let’s start our meeting. 
First of all, I’d like to welcome you all to the meeting. 
The purpose of this meeting is to discuss a list of suggestions to be presented to the management for the green hotel campaign 
 which aims to help promote environmental protection. 
 You should all have a copy of the agenda by email. Do you have any ideas? 
好的，大家都在嗎？讓我們開始我們的會議吧。首先，我想歡迎大家參加會議。這次會議的目的是討論向管理層提出的旨在幫助促進環境保護的綠色酒店運動的建議清單。你們都應該通過電子郵件收到一份議程副本。你有什麼想法？
A: 

I think this should be a short-term project, 
how about 2 weeks duration time for the campaign? 
The reason for this is that it will be easy to manage,
that means fewer meetings and discussions for things like project planning and training. 
我認為這應該是一個短期項目，為期 2 週的活動時間如何？這樣做的原因是它易於管理，這意味著更少的會議和討論，如項目規劃和培訓。
C: 

I see your point. 
But I think running a 2 weeks campaign will have little impact, 
as a consequence, poor effectiveness, 
and we will have little preparation time. 
我明白你的意思了。但我認為進行 2 週的活動影響不大，因此效果不佳，我們的準備時間也很少。
D (C): 

I suggest one month duration time for the campaign. 
It will ensure sufficient time for promotion. 
We can expect more staff’s involvement and green image building. 
我建議活動持續一個月。保證充足的宣傳時間。我們可以期待更多員工的參與和綠色形象的建立。
B: 

It’s a possibility, 
這是有可能的，
but I think there might be costly set-up fees. 
但我認為可能會有昂貴的安裝費。
For example, we might need to set up a car battery charging station for visitors. 
例如，我們可能需要為訪客設置一個汽車電池充電站。
A: 

Right, looks like we can’t come up with an agreement here. 
Let’s move on to the next arrangement topic – recruiting promotion staff. 
對，看來我們不能在這里達成協議。
下面進入下一個安排話題——招聘推廣人員。

A:  

I’d like to purpose to form a team of experienced and reliable full-time promoters. 
Because they can pick up tasks very quickly, 
no extra training is needed for them. 
我想組建一支由經驗豐富且可靠的全職推廣員組成的團隊。
因為他們可以很快接手任務，所以不需要額外的培訓。
C: 

I am afraid I don’t agree with you to form a team of full-time promoters, 
because it will increase manpower planning and administration work,
 and therefore reduce cost-effectiveness. 
恐怕我不同意你組建一個全職推廣團隊，
因為這會增加人力規劃和行政工作，
從而降低成本效益。

A: 

Hmm... I guess your’re right! 
嗯...我想你是對的！
B: 

How about we hire young part-time ambassadors? 
They are more economical in terms of finance, 
and more energetic that will sure have positive impact for our company. 
我們聘請年輕的兼職大使怎麼樣？
他們在財務方面更經濟，
更有活力，
這肯定會對我們公司產生積極影響。
D (A): 

I am not sure about hiring young part-time ambassadors. 
As we need to provide training for them, therefore more costs should be needed. 
我不確定是否聘請年輕的兼職大使。由於我們需要為他們提供培訓，因此應該需要更多的成本。
B: 

Right! We can talk about this issue later. 
Let’s move on to the next agenda item - Green measures. 
正確的！我們可以稍後再談這個問題。讓我們進入下一個議程項目——綠色措施。
B: 

I purpose to install solar panels on rooftops. 
It will create sustainable solar energy, 
it will also boost hotel image. 
我打算在屋頂上安裝太陽能電池板。它將創造可持續的太陽能，還將提升酒店形象。
C: 

Yes, I agree. In addition, it will cut electricity bills, and reduce pollution. 
是的我同意。此外，它還會削減電費，減少污染。
A: 

That’s a great idea. But I think installing solar panels on rooftops would have high installation and maintenance costs. (D) Moreover, the effectiveness would be reduced on rainy days. 
好主意啊。但我認為在屋頂安裝太陽能電池板會產生很高的安裝和維護成本。 (D) 此外，雨天效果會降低。
C: 

OK, let’s put it aside now. I’d suggest installing LED lights, which could help save electricity, and LED lights are durable. 
好吧，我們現在把它放在一邊。我建議裝LED燈，可以省電，而且LED燈很耐用。
A: 

That’s an option. But LED lights are more expensive. They could affect hotel’s ambience as well. 
這是一個選擇。但是LED燈比較貴。它們也會影響酒店的氛圍。
D (A): 

I’d purpose to place motion sensors for lighting, because they are eco-friendly, therefore they can reduce electricity use. 
我打算放置用於照明的運動傳感器，因為它們是環保的，因此可以減少用電量。
B: 

That seems like a good idea. 
But lighting system is crucial,
we can’t take risks for that. 
I am afraid sensitivity depending on motion is not a feasible option. 
這似乎是個好主意。但是照明系統很關鍵，我們不能為此冒險。恐怕取決於運動的靈敏度不是一個可行的選擇。
A: 

Yes, you’re probably right! 
是的，你可能是對的！
A/B/C: 

OK. Let’s move on to the last agenda item – promotion. 
好的。讓我們繼續討論最後一個議程項目——促銷。
A: 

My proposal is to work with an environmental organization. 
So if customers make a purchase from us, 
we will donate certain percentage of amount to the organization. 
I believe some customers are more willing choose us for their hotel stay if they know they can make a contribution to the environment 
by doing so. At the same time, we gain popularity and reputation 
by working with a well-known environmental organization. 
我的建議是與環保組織合作。因此，如果客戶從我們這裡購買商品，我們將向該組織捐贈一定比例的金額。
我相信一些客戶如果知道他們可以通過這樣做對環境做出貢獻，他們會更願意選擇我們作為他們的酒店住宿。
同時，我們通過與知名環保組織的合作獲得知名度和美譽度。

B: 
It sound like a p口ttery good idea.
聽起來是個不錯的主意
For the promotion,i proposal to try the <no paper> check-in for this month.
關於促銷，我們採用無紙化登記入住，
We can provide the tablet to customers to fill the infomation for checkin.
大大減少耗用紙張，
E-commerce make the check-in prossess without paper waste.Save the tree for world.
電子商務使登記入住的過程免去紙張,為地球拯救林木。
And save the checkin time for our staff and customers.
還可以為員工和客入減少登記入住的時間。
At the same time, i proposal to push a recycling plan.
同時,我建議進行環保回收計劃
Set up some recycle bin on the lobby near the checkout area at hotel.
設立一些回收箱在酒店大堂近CHEKOUT的位置
For customers to recycle glassware,Plastic bottles and aluminum cans.
供客人們回收玻璃器皿,膠樽和鋁罐
If customers take the recycle action at the checkout time,
如果客人們在他們CHEOUT OUT的時候作出回收的行動
We will turn back a small discount for them to thank you their support.
我們將會回贈一些小優惠給他們以致感謝

C: 

 

A/B/C: 

It looks like we've run out of time and it seems that we don’t have a consensus this time. So I guess we'll finish here. We’ve covered everything, so let’s further discuss more in the next meeting. We have had a fruitful meeting today and discussed a lot of issues. Thank you very much for your participation. 
看來我們已經沒時間了，而且這次似乎沒有達成共識。所以我想我們會在這裡結束。我們已經涵蓋了所有內容，所以讓我們在下次會議上進一步討論更多內容。今天我們舉行了富有成果的會議，討論了很多問題。非常感謝您的參與。
 